[Music]
have you ever been inside an oil rig a
Tundra Buggy maybe and what about an
empty quarry not on your bucket list why
not hey you don't have to change your
job to experience all of it but you can
book a room in one of the most bizarre
hotels on the planet Costa Verde Hotel
in Manuel Antonio Costa Rica recycling
fans will love this one a Boeing 727
fuselage has been converted into a
luxurious suite in the middle of the
jungle with ocean views the more
affordable option that still super cool
is the smaller cockpit cottage the only
sad thing about this plane is that it
can't move unlike the harbor crane in
our legend Netherlands the machine house
and control cabin of one of the symbols
of Harlingen the harbor crane were
converted into comfortable
accommodations with panoramic views and
binoculars to enjoy them the best part
is that you can operate the crane
yourself
opes hotel and sweden tourists get a
boat transfer to this semi sunken
property and lake mälar it no worries
it's just an illusion it's totally safe
to say in the top part of the house with
a luxury bedroom kitchen and sauna all
running on solar power if you feel bored
you can just paddle around dog bark Park
Inn in Cottonwood USA artist Dennis
Sullivan and Frances Conklin have been
saving money for 15 years
carving smaller wooden dogs to create
their dream project the 12-foot beagle
stands proud in the Idaho prairie there
is a bedroom and a living area in its
body and an extra bedroom in the head
Hotel kaga comma in Lockland south
africa khakha comma is so well blended
into the landscape of sandstone
mountains it's hard to see it's even
there from a distance it is a protected
Nature Reserve and a luxurious resort at
the same time
most romantic guests can stay at star
and sky open-air Suites see ventures
dive Rick in Borneo Malaysia also known
as the rig it served in the oil and gas
industry until 1985 now it's a dream
come true for scuba divers they get
unlimited access to their favorite
activity as the hotel floats off the
Malaysian coast plus a chance to see how
oil rig workers used to live yep it's
not nearly as luxurious as a cruise ship
intercontinental Shanghai Wonderland in
China the newly opened Wonderland of a
hotel took 10 years to build into the
site of a formerly abandoned quarry by a
team of 5,000 people
it runs on geothermal and solar power
which makes it super eco-friendly the
hotel has 16 floors below the ground an
aquarium a watersports center bungee
jumping and rock climbing facilities and
a glass walkway between the top and the
bottom of the quarry some rooms are
submerged with views of sea life others
are above the ground and have balconies
there is no fixed price for the rooms
but all of them are pretty expensive
would you want to stay at this hotel if
it cost you over $600 per night let me
know in the comments below
tree hotel in Harrods Sweden tree hotel
puts you as close to nature as can be
you can choose to stay in a giant bird's
nest 20 feet above the ground a totally
hidden mirror cube that reflects the
surroundings or say a UFO each room here
is unique all of this beauty was
inspired by a movie the tree lover Intel
Hotel in Zaandam Netherlands if you've
seen the Intel you can say you've seen
all of the traditional houses in the
zahn region this huge Lego look-alike is
a mix of styles and colors as odd as it
looks from the outside this hotel is a
popular place for conferences and has
normal-looking rooms on the inside
Tundra Buggy Lodge in Churchill Canada
this one is for adventurous travelers
who come to Canada to see polar bears
those guys look cute but it would be too
risky to face them in person
that's why visitors always stay inside a
buggy that's elevated to a safe yet
perfect bear viewing position
there are also sleeping dining and
cooking units a lounge and steady Wi-Fi
that powers a live cam for any bear
enthusiasts to watch from home the
Beaumont hotel in London UK artist
Antony Gormley gives true art fans a
chance to live inside a real masterpiece
the five-star hotel suite looks like a
giant abstract steel figure from the
outside and an oak furnished dark and
mysterious place on the inside visitors
of the room that's the name of the art
piece take off their clothes and leave
all their belongings before entering to
have no outside distractions there they
learn to see objects in complete
darkness what a great meditation the
shell house in isla mujeres Mexico the
shell house also known as casa caracol
stands by the ocean was inspired by the
ocean and looks like one of the ocean
symbols the house is shell shaped and
also covered with shells from nearby
beaches architect Eduardo Ocampo
designed this beauty as he wanted to
have a one-of-a-kind house for his
brother to come and visit more often now
is a for rent for vacationers nul stern
in the Alps Switzerland nul stern
translates from German as zero star the
motto of the hotel is the only star is
you and the idea is to make some fun of
overpriced and over style hotels
everywhere there are no walls or ceiling
just a queen-size bed in the middle of
nowhere and a butler that serves you
food on request creators of the project
also had a null Stern Hotel in a former
nuclear bunker which is now a museum
silo stay in Little River New Zealand
have you ever slept inside a steel grain
silo the silo stay is probably the only
site in Little River so it's a great
contribution to the local economy
there are queen-size beds
living room and a kitchen where guests
cook their own meals and the best part
the toilet is the sink at the same time
when you wash your hands the water is
used for flushing and it's all used to
feed the local worm farm okay love a la
deck norm and Derby Belgium ever
wondered what a Trojan horse is like on
the inside or say a gigantic cow all
that you can imagine is real at the walk
of the gnomes architect mr. Noel who
constructed all of this craziness was
inspired by fairy tales and myths each
room is unique and in addition to the
horse and the cow there is a McQuarrie
island with a boat for a bed and the
lunar room that looks like the moon's
surface with a spaceship bathroom and
other surreal designs sala silvermine
hotel in Sala Sweden the deepest hotel
suite in the world is located in a
converted silver mine 500 feet below the
ground the interior is super luxury with
fancy bed chairs chandelier and a double
rain shower the staff stays upstairs so
it's a totally private experience and
you won't get bored there you can rotate
the crane as you wish to spice up the
views go down a zip wire or on a
historic tour of the place or
cave-diving the cube house in Rotterdam
Netherlands I challenge you to find one
straight corner here that's right it's
impossible the three-story building has
a super ultra-modern cuboid design no
worries there is enough space on the
inside plus a chill room on the top
floor with panoramic views of Rotterdam
the boot in Tasman New Zealand this
hotel that looks like it came straight
out of a children's book even has legit
shoelaces there is a spiral staircase
cozy fireplace kitchenette and a bedroom
with a balcony plus you'll get the whole
surrounding estate to yourself and can
relax in the flower garden or feed tame
eels it's like waking up in a fairy tale
das park hotel in ogden shime austria
now if you're looking for something
really basic and minimalist what about
staying at a sewer-pipe
be prepared to make your own bed and
bring toiletries with you the bathroom
is at the nearest gas station anyway
there is no fixed room fee it's all
donation based no thanks you can flush
that one hey if you learned something
new today then give the video a like and
share it with a friend and here are some
other videos I think you'll enjoy just
click to the left or right and remember
stay on the bright side of life